#### [Neutral language](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/neutral-language)

-	Added "see" and "listen" to the section title: **We avoid "view," "see," "hear," and "listen"**
-	Added:<br>
> Because we don't know how a person is accessing the content, we should avoid any interaction-based language.

#### [Bulleted lists](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/bulleted-lists)

-	Added numbered lists to the current guidance. We follow the same guidance as with bulleted lists, except that we should only use numbered lists for steps in a process or anything that needs to be in a specific order.
-	Clarified that ordered list = numbered list and unordered list = bulleted list. You'll see both terms used interchangeably across the Design System.
- Added:<br>
> Avoid using "the following" in the list introduction and use a less formal phrase instead. For example, instead of "You'll need the following documents," use "You'll need these documents."
- Added:<br>
> **Don't combine the list items' starting word or phrase with the introduction.** For example, don't introduce the list with "All of these must be true. You're:" In this case, each item should start with "You're." This helps when the content needs to be translated into another language.
- Added:<br>
> **Avoid using sub-bullets.** Sub-bullets can make the content harder to scan. If possible, make the item with sub-bullets a separate list.<br>
**Note:** Bulleted lists can be used in step-by-step lists.
- Added:<br>
> **Note:** Don't use "and/or" in lists. Instead, restructure the content to list all options (for example, "your income and/or net worth" should be "your income, your net worth, or both").

#### [Punctuation](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/punctuation)

- Added guidance for hint text:
>    • If the hint text has 1 or more full sentences, add a period to the end of each sentence<br>
     • If the hint text is a sentence fragment, don't add a period
- Added guidance for error messages:
>    • For error messages in individual form fields, don't add a period at the end of the message unless it has 2 or more full sentences<br>
     • For error messages that use the Alert component, add a period at the end of each sentence

#### [Button labels](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/button-labels)

Removed contradictory CTA examples at the end of the page

#### [Capitalization](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/capitalization)

Added mobile app capitalization info/exceptions: interface buttons are sentence case and native actions are title case for iOS and all caps for Android

#### [Dates, times, phone numbers, and addresses](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/dates-and-numbers)

-	Times and time zones: Added mobile app exceptions to times/time zone formatting:<br>
> **Note:** For the mobile app, when times/time zones aren't hardcoded, the formatting differs from VA.gov due to default formatting in React Native. For example, React Native formats as AM and PM (both letters capitalized and no punctuation) and EST (three-letter format). We make an exception to our style guide for this default formatting.
- Times and time zones: Flipped the "We're open..." example so it follows how we currently word it: "We're open Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. ET."
-	Times and time zones: Combined the two like this/not this examples into one at the end of the bulleted list.
-	Zip codes: Updated guidance around the extra 4 digits:<br>
>    • When Veterans fill out their address, we don't require them to include the extra 4 digits of their zip code. They only need to provide the 5-digit zip code.<br>
     • When we provide an address to Veterans, we sometimes include the extra 4 digits of the zip code. If we include the extra 4 digits, use a hyphen (ex. 12345-6789).

#### [Word list](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/word-list)

-	Added the "MFA" acronym to "multifactor authentication"
-	Updated these existing entries:

> **condition vs. disability:** Added: For non-Veterans, like beneficiaries and dependents, we use "disability" (or "disabled" depending on the context) to describe an illness or injury that affects your mind or body. Default to people-first language in general content that describes individuals with a disability. For example, "Was this trust created for a Veteran's child who was seriously disabled before age 18?"<br>
[Learn more in the Health content section](https://design.va.gov/content-style-guide/health-content/)

> **disability rating:** Specifying this is for Veterans only

- Added these new entries:

> **and/or:** Don't use "and/or" in lists or body copy. Instead, restructure the content to list all options (for example, "your income and/or net worth" should be "your income, your net worth, or both").

> **illegal:** Avoid using the term "illegal." Instead, our preferred term is "not allowed by law." Don't use "illegal" to describe a person.

> **please:** We're moving away from using "please" in most cases. Avoid using "please" as a default and only if needed in a specific situation. This is a change that we're working to address across our current components.

> **power of attorney (POA):** "POA" is capitalized. Contact the subject matter experts or legal before using this term to make sure we're using it correctly.

> **required by law and not allowed by law:** These are our preferred terms to describe a legal requirement or something that is against the law.

> **user:** We should avoid the term "user" or "users" and instead use "Veterans" or "people" (when referring to a more general audience). "Users" can have a negative connotation and focuses only on how people are using our products. This is a change that we're working to address across our current content.

- Removed the "Premium" entry

#### [Button](https://design.va.gov/components/button/), [Button group](https://design.va.gov/components/button/button-group), [Button - Segmented](https://design.va.gov/components/button/button-segmented), and [Button - Icon](https://design.va.gov/components/button/button-icon)

Removed contradictory CTA examples at the end of the content considerations

#### [Address block](https://design.va.gov/components/address-block)

Zip codes: Updated guidance around the extra 4 digits:
> • When Veterans fill out their address, we don't require them to include the extra 4 digits of their zip code. They only need to provide the 5-digit zip code.<br>
  • When we provide an address to Veterans, we sometimes include the extra 4 digits of the zip code. If we include the extra 4 digits, use a hyphen (ex. 12345-6789).

### Patterns

#### [Email addresses](https://design.va.gov/patterns/ask-users-for/email-address)

-	Updated and added new examples for telling people why we need their contact information:
>    •	We may use your contact information to contact you if we have questions about your application.<br>
     •	We may use your contact information to contact you if there's an issue with your application.<br>
     •	We may use your contact information to contact you if we need more information.
-	Made other minor edits to align with our current style.

#### [Phone numbers](https://design.va.gov/patterns/ask-users-for/phone-numbers)

Same updates as the email address pattern

#### [Addresses](https://design.va.gov/patterns/ask-users-for/addresses)

Removed "or 9-" from the postal code error message 3: "Enter a valid 5-digit zip code"
