---
layout: component
title: Link - Deep content
permalink: /components/link/deep-content
has-parent: /components/link/
github-title: va-copy-deep-link
into-text: "When a content page is very long with many subsections, the \"Link - Deep content\" icon can help users easily link people to deep content."
status: dont-use-deprecated
contributors: Jennifer Lee
anchors:
  - anchor: Examples
  - anchor: Purpose
  - anchor: Usage
  - anchor: Code usage
  - anchor: Accessibility considerations
  - anchor: Component checklist
---

<va-alert
  close-btn-aria-label="Close notification"
  status="warning"
  visible
>
  <h2 slot="headline">
    The Link - Deep content component is now deprecated. 
  </h2>
  <div>
    <p className="vads-u-margin-y--0">
      This component was not widely adopted, has no research backing it, and thus has been deprecated.
    </p>
  </div>
</va-alert>

## Examples

{% include component-example.html alt="Example of the link, deep content style." file="/images/components/link/link-deep-content-mobile.png" caption="An example of the link, deep content style." %}

## Purpose

The purpose of the `Link - Deep content` icon (aka `Copy deep link`) is to help make navigating and finding information on very long pages a little easier. It does this in 2 ways, by: 

1. Letting users to easily copy the URL of a deep content (H3 subsection or information inside an accordion).
2. Linking people (who received and clicked on the deep link URL) directly to the deep content. 

## Usage

### URL pattern of deep links

The URLs of deep links must be unique while also providing some information scent. To meet the needs of both requirements, the URLs of deep links are autogenerated using this pattern: 

- Take the page root URL and add on the first 30 characters of the H3 section or accordion title text plus the entity ID number. 
- Example: va.gov/coronavirus-veteran-frequently-asked-questions/#are-va-national-cemeteries-ope-37235

See [ticket #22385](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/22385) for details.

### Behavior

{% include component-example.html alt="Diagram showing which text is read when a user interacts with the link deep content icon." file="/images/components/link/link-deep-content-desktop-behavior.png" caption="A screen reader should read the accordion text when the user selects the link, deep content icon." %}

- On hover, the `Link - Deep content` icon state inverts. 
- When a user clicks/taps on the `Link - Deep content` icon, the icon shows a focus state and a message displays that the link has been copied. 
- The focus state and message remain for 10 seconds (or until the user acts on another `Link - Deep content` icon).   

#### Clicking on the URL that was shared

When a recipient clicks/taps on the URL that was sent to them, they're brought directly to the location of that deep content on the page. 

- When the deep content is inside an accordion, the accordion is open on landing.
- When the deep content is not in an accordion but in an H3 subsection, the user-recipient is simply taken to that specific H3 subsection.

## Code usage

{% include snippet.html content='html/link-deep-content.html' %}

## Accessibility considerations

* On clicking/tapping, use a live-region to announce the "Link copied" text and keep the focus on the button. 
* The accessible label will contain relevant, content specific titles for the screen reader to announce, e.g. “Copy link to [How can I stay informed about COVID-19 vaccines at VA]”.

{% include _component-checklist.html component_name="va-deep-content" %}